Done a to-do of FAQ.md (#66538)
swiftlang/swift: docs/HowToGuides/FAQ.md

### How do I clean up my git history?

Git's history can sometimes become cluttered with many small commits. 
Fortunately, Git has a feature called `rebase` that allows you to clean up your commit history. 

> Here's a simple way to use it, If you want to learn more, 
> [GitHub - About Git rebase](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/using-git/about-git-rebase) 
> provides a comprehensive overview of `rebase`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to learn more, 
[GitHub - About Git rebase](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/using-git/about-git-rebase) 
provides a comprehensive overview of `rebase`.
Here's a small gist that goes through the basics on how to use it:
```

### How do I clean up my git history?

Git's history can sometimes become cluttered with many small commits. 
Fortunately, Git has a feature called `rebase` that allows you to clean up your commit history. 
If you want to learn more, 
[GitHub - About Git rebase](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/using-git/about-git-rebase) 
provides a comprehensive overview of `rebase`.
Here's a small gist that goes through the basics on how to use it:

> 1. Begin an interactive rebase: Use `git rebase -i HEAD~N`, where `N` is the number of commits 

Reviewer 2: It might be worth to mention that this should only be performed on the commits that are not yet pushed, rebasing existing commits would block merging because we don't allow force pushes to the repository.

Author: Just one review ago. 
I had changed the sentence  
> It's important to note that you should only rebase commits that have not been pushed to a public branch.

Should I add a further reason? Or is this separate from these?

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I think you move that to the top as a good disclaimer.

Author: I Fixed it. How about this🤔

Reviewer 2: Looks great, thank you!

   from the latest one you want to edit. This will open a text editor, 
   listing the last `N` commits with the word "pick" next to each one.

   ```sh
   git rebase -i HEAD~N
   ```
   
2. Edit the commits: Replace "pick" with the operation you want to perform on the commit:

   - `reword`: Change the commit message.
   - `edit`: Amend the commit.
   - `squash`: Combine the commit with the previous one.
   - `fixup`: Similar to `squash`, but discard this commit's log message.
   - `drop`: Remove the commit.

3. Save and exit: After saving and closing the file, git will execute each operation. 
   If you selected `reword`, `edit`, or `squash`, git will pause and give you a chance
   to alter the commit message or the commit itself.

   ```sh
   git commit --amend
   ```

4. Continue the rebase: Once you're done with each commit, you can continue the rebase 
   using `git rebase --continue`. If you want to abort the rebase at any point, 
   you can use `git rebase --abort`.

   ```sh
   git rebase --continue
   ```

> It's important to note that you should only rebase commits that have not been pushed to a public branch. 

Author: How about the sentence "We suggest considering to rebase only those commits that haven't been pushed to a public branch."

> It's important to note that you should only rebase commits that have not been pushed to a public branch. 

Reviewer: Sounds good :)
